---
layout: edit
title: Reading Notes - June 7, 2020
---

Thoughts on Tech and the Pandemic, Bubbles, Tech Investment in Asia

## Articles

### [Three Game-changing Ideas for Our Post-pandemic World](https://www.ft.com/content/f35db8c6-a02f-11ea-b65d-489c67b0d85d) by *John Thornhill*

In this article, the author raise three illuminating questions about ingenuious development and application of technology for improving important aspects of people's lives in the post-pandemic era.

*1. If we are capable of constantly monitoring aeroplane engines, why can't we monitor our bodies too?*

The idea of HealthTech has drawn attention and discussions for a while, and the pandemic highlighted the opportunities in this field. Healthcare diagnosis based on the data and measures from human bodies, while technology facilitate the collection, transfer, processing of these data into informative conclusions that can help more efficient medical care and public health policy making. Which is highly promising track. The pandemic hightlighted the need for tracking people's interactions so as to trackdown the transmission of the virus, the efficent treatment, and resource allocation. Hopefully HealthTech can offer a solutions of all of these different processes. 

*2. Who do I trust with my data?*
*3. If the Internet can be such a great thing, why does only half of the world have access to it?*
  



### [Bubblicious?](https://www.albertbridgecapital.com/post/bubblicious) by *Drew Dickson*

Recently I am reading "A Random Walk Down the Wall Street" so this article caught my attention.

+ Growth and Value
+ Beta
  


### Tech News

#### Jio
+ Jio is a telecom subsidiary of Reliance Industries, India's largest pubcly traded company. It offers cheap 4G subscriptions in India's booming mobile market, and also has influence in mobile, e-commerce, payment, and 5G network.
+ It has taken in $5.7B investment from Facebook, $1.5B from Vista Equity Partners, $750M from Silver Lake, $1.5B from KKR, and $870M from General Atlantic. It is reported that Microsoft, Mubadala (Abu Dhabi), and Google are also discussing potential investment in the platform
+ Big Tech is betting on the broad market in India

#### Gojek
+ Gojek is an Indonesian ride-hailing sercice
+ Many tech companies are interested in its GoPay payment arm.
+ India and Indonesia are tow of the four markets where Facebook chief 
+ given the US-China relation deterioration and compeitions from Chinese tech giants, this market appears to be attractvie

 
